# Disclaimer
We strive to maintain the best quality and timeliness of the deliverables, however, these documents do not form a product or service agreement, and there is no service level agreement provided. All collaterals and materials are provided as-is on a best effort basis only. While due diligence and a stringent review process have been followed in producing these documents and artifacts, there may be inadvertent errors of omission or commission that have slipped our process. These offerings are provided without any warranty or liability. The users agree to indemnify the administrators and maintainers of this document, the authors, the TBD organization name (https://sihata.github.io), the contributors and other associates or volunteers against any direct or indirect damages resulting from the information contained herein. The view expressed by individual contributors need not necessarily reflect the views or opinions of the TBD organization name, the reviewers and maintainers of these repositories, documents and artifacts.

Users are expected to ascertain the validity of the content against the latest guidelines published by the MoHFW and other departments of the Central Government of India and State Governments. https://www.mohfw.gov.in/pdf/Telemedicine.pdf

This material is licensed under "Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.5 India". We do NOT guarantee any personal data protection or privacy rights adherence. Users and contributors, alike, are advised to diligently avoid submissions of any information they do not wish to make public. Disputes are subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in New Delhi, India only.

# Contributors' Agreement Disclaimer
This is not legal advise, and Readers and users are expected to consults a legal expert for any queries, WHEREAS This is not medical advise, and Readers and users are expected to consult a registered medical practitioner for any queries, WHEREAS This is not advise on COVID 19 or on matters related to research around COVID 19. The information is provided for academic purposes only and there is no claim of accuracy or correctness or to the fitment for any purpose, and This does not form a contract any is not binding on any party to this artifact, whether involved in authoring, disseminating or responding to the queries, and This is provided without any warranty or liability and the readers and users agree to indemnify the authors of this artifact against all kinds of direct or indirect losses accruing to them or to any third party. All clauses in this agreement stand independently and invalidation of an individual clause does not invalidate others enforceable clauses, AND All enforceable clauses must be read together.

Privacy statement: There is no guarantee of any privacy standards in using these artifacts. Users are advised not to share any sensitive information using these forms. The data collected using these forms may not be guaranteed to be located in any specific physical geographies. Personal information may be collected by the hosting services used to implement these artifacts and users are advised to familiarize themselves with such policies prior to using these artifacts. The responses may be used for research and training purposes.

No warranty, and no liability. All disputes are subject to the applicable laws of the Republic of India only and in case of international dispute, arbitration shall be based on Indian laws alone. Subject to the jurisdiction of courts in New Delhi, India only.
